Slide 31
[FIXED] 'configuration files should be included a build time' could be a little misleading as env config can be specified at run time through env vars. Might be an idea to separate the different ways of configuring a container. Although you do cover this later. Maybe just a bit of a rewording?
slide 32, 45
Subtitle seems to fall behind the title
slide 37
[FIXED] Description talks about ADD, example uses COPY.


Some comments on Scala, Akka and Docker, oh my!

Premise:
- the presentation is about using scala on docker, with a focus on akka and remoting?

Assumptions:
- the audience hsa some familiarity with the following
 - scala
  - akka
   - sbt
   - the audience is not familiar with docker, but knows of it's existance?

Suggestions

AGENDA:
    This looks like it is going to be long. Are you planning to show code or talk through diagrams during the course of the presentation?
        Even if so, perhaps cut the agenda down to one slide, or just one or two things per slide

WHY DOCKER
    I am intereseted to see what images you produce for here. I wonder if a couple of well drawn images would suffice to show the power of docker.
        I would just list here the two key points you make, "Ephemeral Infrastructure" and "Immutable infrastructre" and talk over this with your points on the slide

WHAT IS DOCKER
    Similarly, in the "what is a docker image" slide, I wonder if it is too much detail to state explicitly that docer images are CHROOT like, etc. I think you could talk this through over an image.
        Do you need to state on the slides about "what is a docker container" every detail? As above, could you talk over this with a carefully crafted image? Perhaps the comparison image between a docker image, container, and the VM would suffice

DOCKER BASICS
    You cover "what is a docker image" twice. Once only should be enough. If you want to keep it here, I would cut down on some of the detail
        Perhaps an image could cover "what is a docker image" and "how to build a docker image"
            I would probably drop the docker registries slide, and just explain that you can push to a registry from the previous slide

CAVEATS
    I would remove the workaround text and merge networking onto one slide. In particular, just have one slide with key headlines you can talk over

DOCKER AND SCALA
    I presume that on the docker commands you are going to do a bit of "why" explanation?
        I would probably drop the bit about configuration files to focus on setting up the sbt project. You could just mention that there are other ways to do it, I have chosen xyz for the purpose of the presentation.
            I think at some point it would be nice to have in this section a "benefits" piece. I know about docker, and sbt, but I want to know why I should use docker sbt in a quick sound bite. what benefits do i get from it?

TESTING
    What plans do you have for this section? I would perhaps merge this into the AKKA section, and explain all in the context of AKKA.

​
